README.md, before:

smw-tas
=======

**smw-tas** is a collection of Lua scripts that help in the making of [Tool-Assisted Speedruns](http://tasvideos.org/) of Super Mario World. It has support for three SNES emulators with rerecording capabilities and Lua console: [lsnes](http://tasvideos.org/Lsnes.html), [BizHawk](http://tasvideos.org/BizHawk.html) and [Snes9x](https://code.google.com/p/snes9x-rr/).

Download page
-------------
Users are recommended to download the script(s) in the [downloads' wiki page](https://github.com/rodamaral/smw-tas/wiki/Downloads), according to their emulator.

Emulators version
-----------------
**lsnes:**
There's a script for rr1 version and another for rr2. The first one is based on the second, but with limited functionality. The rr2 version works for β22++.

**BizHawk:**
There's a script for version 1.11.0++.
The functionality is better with maximized window, necessary to display text on the black lateral gaps.

**Snes9x-rr:**
The script should work in the last versions of 1.43, 1.51 and 1.52. 

Features
--------
Feature|lsnes | BizHawk |Snes9x
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
Movie info on screen|yes|yes|yes
Input display|yes|no, use TAStudio|no
Level info|yes|yes|yes
Player info|yes|yes|yes
Player hitbox|yes|yes|yes
Sprite info|yes|yes|yes
Sprite hitbox|yes|yes|yes
Yoshi info|yes|yes|yes
Extended sprite info|yes|no|yes
Extended sprite hitbox|yes|yes|yes
Bounce sprite info|yes|yes|yes
Counters and timers|yes|yes|yes
Static Camera Region|yes|yes|yes
Line of death|yes|no|no
Tile draw with mouse|yes|yes|yes
Cheats (controller)|yes|yes|yes
Cheats (form)|no|yes|no
Cheats (command)|yes|no|no
Comparison script|beta|no|[external](http://tasvideos.org/forum/viewtopic.php?p=219824#219824)

Commit message:

Prepare the repo description for a new pre-release

README.md, after:

smw-tas
=======

**smw-tas** is a collection of Lua scripts that help in the making of [Tool-Assisted Speedruns](http://tasvideos.org/) of Super Mario World. It has support for three SNES emulators with rerecording capabilities and Lua console: [lsnes](http://tasvideos.org/Lsnes.html), [BizHawk](http://tasvideos.org/BizHawk.html) and [Snes9x](https://code.google.com/p/snes9x-rr/).

Download page
-------------
Users are recommended to download the script(s) in the [downloads' wiki page](https://github.com/rodamaral/smw-tas/wiki/Downloads), according to their emulator.

Emulators version
-----------------
**lsnes:**
The latest release requires lsnes-rr2-β23++. This is the most complete script, with more features.

**BizHawk:**
There's a script for version 1.11.0++.
The functionality is better with maximized window, necessary to display text on the black lateral gaps.

**Snes9x-rr:**
The script works in the latest versions of 1.43 and 1.51. Snes9x 1.52 has poor Lua support and 1.53 doesn't have Lua.

Features
--------
Feature|lsnes | BizHawk |Snes9x
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
Movie info on screen|yes|yes|yes
Input display|yes|no, use TAStudio|no
Level info|yes|yes|yes
Player info|yes|yes|yes
Player hitbox|yes|yes|yes
Sprite info|yes|yes|yes
Sprite hitbox|yes|yes|yes
Yoshi info|yes|yes|yes
Extended sprite info/hitbox|yes|yes|yes
Cluster sprite info/hitbox|yes|yes|yes
Minor extended sprite info/hitbox|yes|yes|yes
Bounce sprite info|yes|yes|yes
Counters and timers|yes|yes|yes
Static Camera Region|yes|yes|yes
Line of death|yes|no|no
Tile draw with mouse|yes|yes|yes
Open bus execution helper|yes|no|no
Cheats (controller)|yes|yes|yes
Cheats (form)|no|yes|no
Cheats (command)|yes|no|no
Comparison script|beta|no|[external](http://tasvideos.org/forum/viewtopic.php?p=219824#219824)
